Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
My wife and son
were killed in a
hit-and-run seven years ago.
He was paid to crash
into your wife.
It was a targeted kill.
What's to say he's not trying to
fuck with your mind right now.
Nothing.
But I can't risk finding
out that he isn't.
Someone's trying to frame
me for this cocaine spiking.
I had nothing to do with it.
I don't care.
Sean is out
there on his own.
So we need to catch up with
him before someone else does.
Sean. stop.
You want to get on
that helicopter.
you tell me what I need to know.
What's his fucking name?
You can't kill me.
I'm Sean fucking Wallace.
I'm a proper fucking cunt!
- Moe?
- I'm up here.
Did you get any?
Sonnex is charging double.
Says the streets are dry.
Do you know what? You
need to go back out.
You need to score some
fucking more money. Ali.
Fuck off. Why is it always...
Because you fucking owe me!
How many times have I
saved your fucking skin?
I found us this place. And I...
- You said this place was empty.
- Shh.
Come.
Fucking Wallace.
I'm a proper fucking cunt!
Still.
Go on. have a look.
- You go.
- No.
You fucking go.
You fucking go now.
Just go.
Shh.
Fuck.
Come on. Moe.
We have to go now.
I've seen that guy around.
He lives near here.
No. I've got a better idea.
What?
Do you know how much
this guy's worth?
You've done me a great
favour. killing Sean Wallace.
Thank you.
It's no use now. We've lost him.
I want to find Sean as
much as you. believe me.
but we can't drive
around all night.
Luan's men will be onto us.
Billy. this is the third
time we've been down
this fucking street.
What's the plan?
What are you playin' at?
You gonna answer that?
Yeah.
Yep.
Yeah. Yeah. okay.
No.
I'm sorry. son.
He's alive. They're...
They're lying.
Two guys
brought the body to Luan.
Sean's dead. Billy.
Sean.
I've missed you so much.
I miss you. too.
I'll never
let you go again.
It's too late...
It's too late.
Six hundred and thirty-two.
That's the official number.
Not including the
unreported deaths.
Then there's the survivors.
Brain damage.
Psychosis.
Seizures.
What do you want?
I read your file.
Oh. it's compelling stuff.
How does someone
so exemplary. so...
committed to doing
the right thing.
become a heartless
prick overnight?
What...
do you want?
I would like you to
hand yourself in.
We'll ensure a shorter sentence
as a thank you for
your cooperation.
And guess what?
You get to live in the
knowledge that you gave justice
to those victims.
that you paid for your crimes.
"My crimes?"
And you can prove that. can you?
Thank you for your offer.
but I think I'm gonna pass.
Mr. Carter. I get what I want...
in the end.
What the fuck was
the mayor doing here?
Wasn't to inquire
about my health.
Looks like she's got
plainclothes tailing me.
I need to find Sean.
Sean's dead. Elliot.
Tonight.
Word is someone collected
the bounty from Luan.
What are you doing?
I think the person
who killed Sean...
also did our driver.
I need to find him.
- So what are you thinking?
- I don't know.
I have to talk to Luan.
Okay. and what about your
police friends outside?
Can you hold them off?
I'm parked on level three.
My daughter will
be four tomorrow.
I can finally pay
for a real party.
With balloons and
cake. Magicians!
Kids don't like
magicians no more.
Oh. they do.
No. it's all Marvel and
fucking PAW Patrol. bro.
- What you spend it on then?
- I don't know.
Sex and drugs. rock and roll.
Oh!
And a nice little
gaffe by the river.
So I can look down on them
cunts that used to ignore us.
Whoo!
Go and get some drinks. yeah?
Let's have a fucking party.
My man.
Stella. habibti.
Two bottles of champagne.
Please.
Yes.
You rolling like that. yeah?
So earlier today. a man didn't
even have enough for a bag.
Yo. how much dick
did you have to suck
to get that kind of P?
Don't talk to me like that.
Or what? What are you gonna do?
Come on. pussy-o.
I wouldn't talk like that
to the man who
killed Sean Wallace.
Two bags. Sonnex. then get
the fuck out of our faces.
Come on.
Yeah?
You fucking stupid?
- What?
- You can't go around telling people
you killed Sean fucking Wallace.
You're a liability. man.
- Yeah.
- Billy. it's me.
It is the middle of the night.
You were sleeping. were you?
Toast.
I told you to keep him alive.
I don't take orders from you.
You have no idea
what you've done!
This one here
killed my daughter.
The guy who killed the driver.
who ran me over
earlier and took Sean.
Did he bring him to you?
It was dark. Maybe.
But there were two.
And why would the
spiker kill Sean?
They were associates.
Yeah. we may have
been wrong about that.
What the fuck are you
talking about now?
Luan. Sean might
have been innocent.
No! He did it.
With Billy and Cornelius.
And they're gonna
fucking pay for it. man.
Look. I need to find those guys.
Have you got a location?
- I'll take you there.
- No. No.
Sooner or later.
Marian's gonna find out
you've got her son's dead
body in the boot of your car.
You have your own
problems to deal with.
Look. I did
everything you asked.
I know. The place is
empty. No one saw me.
Where are they now?
Okay. I'll find them.
Mrs. Wallace. Luan Dushaj
is here to see you.
Oh. my God.
What have you done?
I'm sorry it has come to this.
but your son was responsible
for the death of my daughter.
and I cannot let that be.
I only have respect
for you. Marian.
and I do not want
a war with you.
But I must kill
those responsible.
Billy and Cornelius.
I swear I will not harm you.
as long as you
stay out of my way.
I hope we can come
to an agreement.
- No one.
- Ask your friends around. yeah?
Any luck?
They're saying there's
some guy at Sullivan's.
Boasting about
killing Sean Wallace.
Fuck it!
Another round on me. guys!
Stella. 20 of your
finest beers. please.
To that dead prick Sean Wallace.
who's made us rich men.
What did I fucking tell you.
We're old friends here.
I'm gonna go to the
little boy's room. yeah?
Whilst I'm gone.
keep your big
fucking mouth shut.
- Okay?
- All right.
All right.
Chill.
You know this place?
Yeah. Full of junkies.
You good?
Yeah.
You sure?
I said I'm fucking ready.
It wasn't easy taking
down the Wallace.
Looks like a weak cunt. but
he had a killer right hook.
Bang! He caught me here.
So I got pissed off
and I said to him.
"Fuck you. Sean Wallace.
"I'm not scared of
you or your family."
Fair play. lad.
Then what did Sean say?
Because I say.
"Fuck the Wallaces.
"Every last one of them." Hmm?
I'll break.
And you can tell me how you
did that little cunt in.
So then. Moe
pinned him down.
I picked up the gun and
held it to his head.
What did Sean do?
Pissed his fucking
pants.
Oi!
You fucking...
Moe!
No. please! I haven't
done anything.
Oh. fuck!
No. no. no. bruv!
No. no. please!
Fuck!
Really?
Fucking junkies.
Get up. you little shit.
I would like nothing better
than to kill you myself.
But I think the lad
might have other ideas.
Oh. please. man. please!
Please. I swear we haven't
fucking done anything!
Go on. Billy boy!
Wait. wait. wait!
There's a bag of money
over by the sink.
That's yours. man. take it!
Fuck!
Please. please!
Ali! Fucking help. man.
Has he found the bag?
Look. please just
take it... fucking...
Bro. that's your money.
man. that's yours.
Just let me fucking go!
Yeah? That'll be cool.
- Bro. yeah. yeah.
- No.
No. no. no!
Moe.
We didn't kill Sean.
- I swear.
- What's this then?
Pocket money?
We didn't kill...
Please. I swear!
Don't fucking move.
If this is anything to do
with your fucking coke.
I told you. we don't
know anything about it.
Put him down.
Where is he?
The one that killed Sean.
That's not him.
That's not the
guy that took him.
See. I told you it wasn't us.
Please. we didn't kill Sean.
We just found the body.
I saw who did it.
I know who he is.
Please.
- Take him.
- Get up.
The fuck do you
think you're doing?
Shut the fuck up. man.
I need him.
This has got fuck
all to do with you!
Sab. go.
Fuck.
Easy. easy.
Fuck! Fuck!
Fuck!
Slow down.
Slow down. Breathe.
We need to find out
where Sean's killer is.
Get him talking now.
Elliot. he's fucking messed up.
Hey. bruv. Relax. man.
Fuck this.
Please. don't
hurt me. Please.
Fuck. chill out. man!
What's he saying?
Just something
about his daughter.
What's your name?
- Ali.
- Where are you from. Ali?
I move. Right now I'm East.
Not far from the High Street.
You got your own place?
No. Just. uh. tent.
Moe found us somewhere.
but I can't go back there.
How do I know you're
not going to kill me?
You help us. and
we will help you.
Just tell me what you saw.
I saw the guy
shoot Sean Wallace.
I recognise him.
He lives in a place
near where I sleep.
- Take me.
- Please. I told you what I know.
Yeah. but now I have to
find out if it's true.
Please. he's gonna
kill me. please.
- Please. please!
- Yo. there's cops.
Armed
police. Do not move!
Evening. fellas.
What's all this fuss about?
Don't move.
Okay. let's
just calm down.
Yeah? Whoa!
Put your
hands on the car.
- What for?
- Hey!
- Do it now.
- What for. man?
Hey!
Get off me. man.
I ain't got nothing.
Elliot Carter. you
are under arrest
for possession of a firearm
with intent to cause violence.
They're all clear. sir.
Sab... Saba!
Stay back!
Get him talking. Find
out what I need to know.
Saba.
Hm.
Hurry up.
I want my phone call.
Lines are busy. mate.
Sorry.
Why did you
call me here. Eddie?
You've had your pound of flesh.
- But this ends now.
- No.
Not until I've got
Billy and Cornelius.
You think Marian's
going to stand for that?
Marian knows what will happen
if she gonna interfere.
Luan... you don't want
a war. None of us do.
- I'm thinking of my family.
- So am I.
Let it go. Luan. It's done.
Oh. my boy.
Oh. your hands.
Billy.
What the fuck do you want then?
Been a few years. eh. Sis?
Long time.
Didn't know family was
so important to you.
Always has been.
It's you that forgot.
Luan thinks you're to blame
for his daughter's death
and he wants you dead.
I can offer you protection.
but I want you to help me
destroy those who murdered Sean.
Whoa. whoa. whoa! Billy. Billy.
Are you fucking joking?
You're the one that
left him to die.
Why don't you just say it?
For once. admit that
you made a mistake.
Admit that you abandoned
us. both of us.
Billy.
Your mother's right.
You can stand here all night.
tearing strips off each other.
But the fact of the
matter is. Sean's dead.
And the cunts that
framed us aren't.
The only way for
you to get justice
for your brother now is
for us to work together.
You can blow each other's
brains out after that.
Hey! Hello!
I want my fucking phone call!
Hey!
You heard of a guy
called Ali? No? You sure?
Thanks.
I didn't tell them anything.
I swear. man. I didn't.
I didn't. Please.
Shit.
Who's that?
He was dead
when we found him.
Throat slit.
What do you want me to do?
Go dark. Look after yourself.
I'll be in touch.
Tell Simone Thearle
I'm ready to talk.
I need to talk to you.
Privately.
Yeah. I'm afraid that's
not something I can do.
And even if it was...
- Locking me up is pointless.
- I wouldn't say that.
They tell me that firearm
possessions. um...
it's a good ten years.
But I'm not the one
you're looking for.
Mmm.
If you keep me
locked up in here.
you may never find them.
And what's going on out
there can only get worse.
Last night. someone
murdered Sean Wallace.
That person is involved in
swapping one ton of clean cocaine
for a product laced
with fentanyl.
That product made its
way into the streets
and killed 600 people.
And why would this
"someone" do that?
That's what I'm
trying to figure out.
An operation that big.
they're not working alone.
You find that clean cocaine.
you find the people
that did this.
Okay. so you think
that they've got
your clean cocaine and
what. planning to sell it?
I'm just a concerned citizen.
Okay.
I've read about you. too.
I know about your brother.
I've lost people also.
And I know how much you
want to make a change.
We can help each other.
We have a deal?
Come forward.
Stop there.
License. please.
Thank you.
What is this?
Random spot checks.
Part of the mayor's
new war on drugs.
Thank you.
I need to check the back.
Excuse me?
I need to see in
the back of the van.
All good.
This is your confession.
You sign and date it
for a week's time.
And if you don't
deliver by then.
you're back inside.
And you're not getting out.
The release needs to go
through the Dumani lawyers.
This has to look real.
- For both of us.
- Oh. I'm aware.
My entire political
career rests on this.
And my life.
Then you'd better
come up with something quick.
The coke's
in Belgian beer kegs.
That's what we're looking for.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org